Update EXPIRES info with clock skew (#37745)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/http/headers/set-cookie/index.md

    > [!WARNING]
    > Many web browsers have a _session restore_ feature that will save all tabs and restore them the next time the browser is used. Session cookies will also be restored, as if the browser was never closed.

    The `Expires` attribute is set by the server with a value relative to its own internal clock, which may differ from that of the client browser.

>     Firefox and Chromium-based browsers internally use an expiry (max-age) value that is adjusted to compensate for clock difference, storing and expiring cookies at the time intended by the server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Firefox and Chromium-based browsers internally use an expiry (max-age) value that is adjusted to compensate for clock difference, storing and expiring cookies based on the time intended by the server.
```

    > [!WARNING]
    > Many web browsers have a _session restore_ feature that will save all tabs and restore them the next time the browser is used. Session cookies will also be restored, as if the browser was never closed.

>     When an `Expires` date is set, the deadline is relative to the _client_ the cookie is being set on, not the server. However, the server's `Date` header will be used to compute the clock skew between the
>     client and the server, and the `Expires` date will be adjusted accordingly.

Reviewer: Just remove arbitrary line break
```suggestion
    When an `Expires` date is set, the deadline is relative to the _client_ the cookie is being set on, not the server.
    However, the server's `Date` header will be used to compute the clock skew between the client and the server, and the `Expires` date will be adjusted accordingly.
```

    > Many web browsers have a _session restore_ feature that will save all tabs and restore them the next time the browser is used. Session cookies will also be restored, as if the browser was never closed.

>     When an `Expires` date is set, the deadline is relative to the _client_ the cookie is being set on, not the server.
>     However, the server's `Date` header will be used to compute the clock skew between the client and the server, and the `Expires` date will be adjusted accordingly.

Reviewer: Thanks very much @ericlaw1979 

So the statements in these two lines seem a little at odds. 
- The first line indicates that the client will interpret the time according to its own clock. That makes sense, it gets a time value and treats it as relative to its own clock, because that's the clock it has.
- Your addition (second line) indicates that the DATE header is used by the browser to adjust for clock skew. 

To me, that sounds like the final meaning of `EXPIRES` is relative to the original server time - right?
That's all a bit confusing to a reader.

MDN documents the [spec](https://httpwg.org/specs/rfc6265.html#expires-attribute), which seems to just parse the date as it is (i.e. the first line): `Let the expiry-time be the result of parsing the attribute-value as cookie-date`

It makes sense to me that browsers would do adjust for skew, because the server is what knows when the cookie is stale, but we can't present it as "the word of the spec" if it isn't. Do you happen to know what Safari does, or have evidence of where in the spec the behaviour you are describing appears (I know you said not documented anywhere, so just looking for something I can use as evidence).

Depending on how you answer would probably use weasel words here like (if you think this is reasonable):

```suggestion
    When an `Expires` date is set, the value is interpreted by the client as relative to its own internal clock, which may differ from that of the server (according to the specification). 
    In practice, many browsers use the value in the server's `Date` header to compute the clock skew, and adjust the value of the `Expires` date to match the time intended by the server.
    This includes Firefox and Chromium browsers, and may include others.
```

Author: >So the statements in these two lines seem a little at odds.

The behavior is indeed hard to describe. 

- When deciding whether to send or store a cookie, the deadline *is* compared relative to the client that the cookie is set on. 
- However, that deadline, as expressed by the EXPIRES header, is subject to adjustment upon initial receipt, based on the skew between the clocks of the server and the client.

I don't know what Safari does; it's hard to test because my serverside frameworks (ASP, ASP.NET) do not allow control of the `DATE` header, so all of my testing is done using Fiddler, which I only have on Windows.

Reviewer: Thanks @ericlaw1979 , sadly, I don't understand the nuance you're trying to capture (as compared to what I wrote). I'll try break down how I interpret your text so you can help me understand exactly where I'm losing it.

1. The server sets the `Set-Cookie` directive `Expires` according to its own clock (and also its `DATE` header).
2. The browser gets this and, according to the spec, parses it just as a date with no adjustment - i.e. it is the server date.

   Splitting your first point into two parts:
   
3. > When deciding whether to **store** a cookie, the deadline is compared to the clock of the client device.
   
   Are you saying that when the client gets the cookie, it will decide whether to store it based on the server clock value that is not adjusted? So at this point if the skew was such that the cookies was already expired according to the client clock it might be thrown away/not stored?

4. > When deciding whether to **send** a cookie, the deadline is compared to the clock of the client device.

   This indicates to me that you're saying that when the user goes to the site again and a cookie is sent to the server, the decision to send the cookie is based on the original client value.

5. > However, that deadline, as expressed by the EXPIRES header, is subject to adjustment upon initial receipt, based on the skew between the clocks of the server and the client.

   - A bit confused, you mean `expires` directive of `Set-Cookie` header right, not `EXPIRES` header?
   - Assuming you do, this seems to conflict with "4", which you seem to indicate uses the original value from server.
 

Does my confusion make sense if the question is broken down like this? (My original guess was that the value is corrected on arrival, and then storing/sending is all done on the corrected value).

Author: Your "original guess" is correct.

An alternate way to think about this is as follows: "_Browsers internally pretend like all cookies were sent using a MAX-AGE directive. If an EXPIRES attribute was sent, the browser computes the MAX-AGE value based on the Server's DATE header and the EXPIRES attribute. If that calculation results in a negative value for MAX-AGE, the cookie is immediately expired. If the MAX-AGE value is positive, the cookie is stored and all future validity calculations are conducted using the client's clock and the (computed) MAX-AGE value_."

Reviewer: Hi @ericlaw1979 That's helpful. I've still got to split what the browsers do from what the spec says. I've adjusted to this a bit though, since "most" browsers use this it is a defacto standard.

```suggestion   
    The `Expires` attribute is set by the server with a value relative to its own internal clock, which may differ from that of the client browser.
    Firefox and Chromium-based browsers internally use an expiry (max-age) value that is adjusted to compensate for clock difference, storing and expiring cookies at the time intended by the server.
    The adjustment for clock skew is calculated from the value of the {{httpheader("DATE")}} header.
    
    Note that the specification explains how the attribute should be parsed, but does not indicate if/how the value should be corrected by the recipient.
```

If this is not wrong, I think it captures the points clearly. Are you OK with this?
